[Infra] validator helm chart for LocalNet (#658)
pokt-network/pocket: build/localnet/README.md

## How to change configuration files

> Configuration can be changed in helm charts we maintain for our network protocol actors. You can find them in [this directory](../../charts). `config.json` file is created using the `config` section content in the `values.yaml` file. For example, you can find configuration for validator [here](../../charts/pocket-validator/values.yaml#70). If you need to add a new parameter – feel free to modify that section. Some of the parameters that contain secrets, for example, a private key, are stored in Secrets object and injected as environment variables. Please refer to helm charts documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configurations can be changed in helm charts where network protocol actor configs are maintained. You can find them in [this directory](../../charts).

`config.json` file is created using the `config` section content in`values.yaml`. For example, you can find the configuration for a validator [here](../../charts/pocket-validator/values.yaml#70).

If you need to add a new parameter – feel free to modify the section in place. Some of the parameters that contain secrets (e.g. private key), are stored in Secrets object and injected as environment variables.

Please refer to helm charts documentation for more details.
```
